
/*
 Class->The building block of C++ that leads to Object-Oriented programming is a Class. It is a user-defined data type, which holds its own data members and member functions, which can be accessed and used by creating an instance of that class. A class is like a blueprint for an object. For Example: Consider the Class of Cars. There may be many cars with different names and brands but all of them will share some common properties like all of them will have 4 wheels, Speed Limit, Mileage range, etc. So here, the Car is the class, and wheels, speed limits, and mileage are their properties.
Object->An Object is an identifiable entity with some characteristics and behavior. An Object is an instance of a Class. When a class is defined, no memory is allocated but when it is instantiated (i.e. an object is created) memory is allocated.
Encapsulation->In normal terms, Encapsulation is defined as wrapping up data and information under a single unit. In Object-Oriented Programming, Encapsulation is defined as binding together the data and the functions that manipulate them. Consider a real-life example of encapsulation, in a company, there are different sections like the accounts section, finance section, sales section, etc. The finance section handles all the financial transactions and keeps records of all the data related to finance. Similarly, the sales section handles all the sales-related activities and keeps records of all the sales. Now there may arise a situation when for some reason an official from the finance section needs all the data about sales in a particular month. In this case, he is not allowed to directly access the data of the sales section. He will first have to contact some other officer in the sales section and then request him to give the particular data. This is what encapsulation is. Here the data of the sales section and the employees that can manipulate them are wrapped under a single name “sales section”.
Encapsulation->In normal terms, Encapsulation is defined as wrapping up data and information under a single unit. In Object-Oriented Programming, Encapsulation is defined as binding together the data and the functions that manipulate them. Consider a real-life example of encapsulation, in a company, there are different sections like the accounts section, finance section, sales section, etc. The finance section handles all the financial transactions and keeps records of all the data related to finance. Similarly, the sales section handles all the sales-related activities and keeps records of all the sales. Now there may arise a situation when for some reason an official from the finance section needs all the data about sales in a particular month. In this case, he is not allowed to directly access the data of the sales section. He will first have to contact some other officer in the sales section and then request him to give the particular data. This is what encapsulation is. Here the data of the sales section and the employees that can manipulate them are wrapped under a single name “sales section”.
Polymorphism->The word polymorphism means having many forms. In simple words, we can define polymorphism as the ability of a message to be displayed in more than one form. A person at the same time can have different characteristics. A man at the same time is a father, a husband, and an employee. So the same person possesses different behavior in different situations. This is called polymorphism. An operation may exhibit different behaviors in different instances. The behavior depends upon the types of data used in the operation. C++ supports operator overloading and function overloading.

Operator Overloading: The process of making an operator exhibit different behaviors in different instances is known as operator overloading.
Function Overloading: Function overloading is using a single function name to perform different types of tasks. Polymorphism is extensively used in implementing inheritance.

Inheritance in C++ ->The capability of a class to derive properties and characteristics from another class is called Inheritance. Inheritance is one of the most important features of Object Oriented Programming in C++. In this article, we will learn about inheritance in C++, its modes and types along with the information about how it affects different properties of the class. *\